Check blob sidecar commitment at gossip if possible (#3532)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/deneb/p2p-interface.md

- _[IGNORE]_ The sidecar's block's parent (defined by `sidecar.block_parent_root`) has been seen (via both gossip and non-gossip sources) (a client MAY queue sidecars for processing once the parent block is retrieved).
- _[REJECT]_ The sidecar's block's parent (defined by `sidecar.block_parent_root`) passes validation.
- _[REJECT]_ The sidecar is from a higher slot than the sidecar's block's parent (defined by `sidecar.block_parent_root`).

> - _[REJECT]_ If the sidecar's block root (defined by `sidecar.block_root`) has been seen, the sidecar's kzg commiment should match the block. (ie. sidecar.kzg_commitment == block_body.blob_kzg_commitments[sidecar.index])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _[REJECT]_ If the sidecar's block root (defined by `sidecar.block_root`) has been seen, the sidecar's kzg commiment matches the block. (ie. sidecar.kzg_commitment == block_body.blob_kzg_commitments[sidecar.index])
```
